so tell me we're to recreate your
greatest ever moment tell us what
happened yeah well there was I just
don't say the box I remember it well and
the ball came across from the right hand
side and hit scream it into the top
left-hand corner of Italian Gaulle did
you yeah European Cup final goal against
Inter Milan the thing is Tommy we're not
actually doing that one we wanted to do
this one two come on Kimble
well surely every wiggle
that European Cup final goal was one of
the greatest moments of my career and a
helmet
Hallet incident was one of the lowest
moments well yeah but it's a lot funnier
that's true okay so you're Frank you be
Helmut Haller I'll be the field of
defenders and you be Tom begin play out
to Macpherson
well actually I choose color but it was
for much longer than what you saw on
television and how I started limping at
owned holding it back and they're doing
that plea acting I'm making things look
a lot worse than what did either way
yeah yeah and then a bloke from the
first World Water done in Maine an ankle
well luckily I from the Red Cross the
most advanced medical organization in
the world
oh but have you got a blanket cortisone
so you know there's a war on I've got
some powdered egg I thought it was
treated very very badly after all how
I've had to go to me first and the whole
matter still really upsets me
yeah and just think Tommy if Ally hadn't
have found you you might have scored
Scotland might have knocked Germany out
the World Cup and then Germany might
have beaten England in there in the
quarterfinals and so in a way if it
wasn't for you England might have won
the most empty World Cup well I just
showed you every cloud has a silver
lining I see I was really depressed at
the time my god what have I done I've
disgrace myself but oh the World Cup
everybody's going to blame me what can
make me feel better a team like this
there you go right as rain